1) Summarize the contributions made in the paper with your own words. Aim for precision
and conciseness. This part of the review serves the purpose of showing to the MR and the
authors how much you understood of the paper and what you think the paper is about. This is
not the point to evaluate the contributions for their strengths or correctness. Merely provide a
summary of what the contributions are, in a few sentences.
    Exp: “This paper discusses that existing methods on including classifiers in a cGAN biases the
         generator in generating easy to classify images. Therefore, they propose a way to include
         classifiers in a cGAN to improve its performance in a principled manner. To do so, they
         decompose the joint probability distribution by the Bayes rule that results in linking classifiers to
         conditional discriminators. The proposed formulation shows that a joint generator model can be
         trained from two directions: a conditional discriminator and an un-conditional discriminator with a
         classifier. They combine the formulation of these two routes and propose a new method called
         Energy-based cGAN (ECGAN). ECGAN shows how to use a classifier for cGANs, and it
         explains other variants of cGANs such as ContraGAN, ACGAN, and ProjGAN as variations of its
         framework. They empirically show that ECGAN outperforms existing cGANs by achieving higher
         FID (and similar ones) score on two sets of datasets (CIFAR10, Tiny ImageNet).”

    My writing: To my knowledge, this is the first paper which combines Secure Aggregation with RDP.
    Moreover, a new DP mechanism is implemented in order to accomplish that goal and the performance comparison with
    Gaussian Mechanism is very good.

2) Novelty, relevance, significance. Assuming the contributions of the paper stand, are they
   relevant for our community? Are they new? A precise justification is needed if the answer is no
   (or partially no, e.g., citations of precise results in earlier papers), so that the authors know how
   to fix the paper if it is fixable. Are the results sufficiently interesting to make this a sufficiently
   “complete” (or, one may say, significant) paper? Note that significance does not necessarily
   mean solving a major open problem. Small, interesting results can also be significant. Science
   is incremental. But there has to be a detectable, positive increment of sufficient interest.
   Regarding relevance, keep in mind that the machine learning community has traditionally been
   quite open-minded to new ideas from different areas. So, think whether this result could benefit
   some sub-area of ML, or a part of the community, down the line.

    example: “Representation learning of molecules has become an important problem in computational
    chemistry and pharmacy. Yet, a known problem is that existing methods cannot well represent
    structural motifs. Existing methods do .... but they suffer from high complexity. This paper is the
    first to connect the theory of spectral semi-snippets with graph representation learning. This
    theory allows to compactly represent motifs, and the paper demonstrates how to exploit this
    idea in a parametrized form, which, with some more re-writing, leads to a model that runs in
    linear instead of cubic time in the size of the graph. This idea is to my knowledge completely
    novel in the graph representation literature and may inspire further such models.”

    my writting: To my knowledge, this is the first paper which combines Secure Aggregation with RDP.
    Moreover, a new DP mechanism is implemented in order to accomplish that goal and the performance comparison with
    Gaussian Mechanism is very good.


 3) Soundness. A paper ideally makes claims, which should be well supported, either by
    theoretical arguments, or by experimental results. Either say, the paper is sound, or list the
    problems. Only list major problems. Any problem listed needs a justification: do not just say that
    a result is incorrect, include an explanation of why you think it is incorrect. For example, a proof
    may have some gaps, an experiment may fail to support a claim because of its design or
    outcome (or the lack of its outcome). For experimental papers, the paper may fail to use a
    sound experimental design (e.g., the data collection, or hyperparameter selection may have
    problems).

    “The proof of Lemma 3 has a mistake. Equation (25) only holds for nonnegative numbers, but it
    is needed for all reals. This makes Lemma 3 only valid for x in the range [..]. Theorem 2 relies
    on Lemma 3, and then only holds in a limited range of [...]. Since Theorem 2 is the main result
    of the paper, this is a major point weakening the contribution of the paper.”

    I can not judge whether this paper sound or not because:
                     1) I am not familiar with RMP proofs and I do not see flaws in your proofs either. However, in table 1, for the communication cost improvement, you show that you achieve the communication cost of O(d(log(d \epsilon^2_DP/n))) while the other methods have the communication cost of O(d(log(d/epsilon^2_DP))). From my perspective, this is a huge improvement because epsilon is very small in many case. That's why I prefer to see the proof for this improvement in a more detail description.
                     2) It would be better if you have experiments for accuracy comparison between methods.
                     3) Which Gaussian mechanism did you compared with in section 2.1?
  4) Quality of writing/presentation. Is the paper well organized and clearly written? Does it do a
     good job at explaining the novelty and the results? Does the paper include enough information
     needed to support the claims it makes? There is an overlap here with soundness: Sometimes
     soundness cannot be decided if the claims in the paper are not well supported, sometimes it
     can still be decided (e.g. by the reviewer doing additional work; we do not expect though
     reviewers doing this work). In cases like this, note on the previous item that soundness cannot
     be decided for reasons explained under this heading. For experimental papers, it is a
     presentation issue if the paper did not include enough details to reproduce the experimental
     results with a reasonable effort. A superbly written experimental paper explains: (1) why were
     the experimental conditions selected the way they were selected; (2) the subsequent choices of
     what to measure and what to plot (including perhaps what is not shown); (3) how the results
     obtained substantiate the claims made. The paper should follow standard, best practices (e.g.,
     includes error bars, better yet, uses box plots or something similar unless you suspect near
     Gaussian variables, etc.)
        This paper well organized and clearly written.
   5) Literature. Is the paper appropriately placed into contemporary literature? If not, be specific
      about what is missing. Note that oftentimes it is a question of judgment of whether a result
      should be mentioned as papers are subject to page limits. The must-mention results are directly
      relevant to the topic of the paper. If you ask authors to include other papers, you will need to
      declare (privately, see below) whether you are an author of any of the recommended papers. It
      is OK to recommend relevant papers authored by yourself, however, it is not OK to recommend
      papers that are not relevant to be included. When in doubt, it is better to err on the side of not
      recommending your own papers (or ask the MR). It is not reasonable to expect a paper to refer
      to unpublished works that appeared within one month before the submission deadline.
      Concurrent works should be referred to, but cannot be held against the paper in terms of
      novelty. Often, these are delicate decisions and reviewers should consult their meta reviewer
      (MR) for guidance.
        This paper is appropriately placed into contemporary literature.
        However, it lacks of gaussian mechanism papers such as Gaussian Differential Privacy, Jinshuo Dong,
        Aaron Roth, Weijie J. Su (https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.02383.)
    6) Basis of review. Declare how much of the paper you read. E.g., “I read the full paper, including
       all the proofs.”. The goal is to ensure full coverage of all parts of the paper by the reviewers and
       the MR.
        I only read the main body of the paper (6 sections)

    7) Summary
       List the strong and weak points of the paper, but also provide further input to whether (and why)
       you think the strengths or the weaknesses are dominating. For each point, indicate the
       importance of the point at hand: is this a major (important, critical) strength/weakness, or a
       minor one?
       When evaluating these points take into account that some things are easy, while others are
       harder to fix. Include a justification. Remember, that the goal is to publish innovative, interesting,
       correct, good papers. Could this paper be one of those worthy of being published at ICML?
       In general, reviewers are not expected to make accept/reject recommendations, this will be the
       job of the MRs based on all the information they have, including this summary. [We make an
       exception to this in Phase 1, see below.]
        Strong points:
        - New DP mechanism is proposed in order to combine Differential Privacy with Secure Aggregation method in Federated Learning
        - The communication cost is greatly improved
        - The new mechanism has good performance compared with Gaussian mechanism.
        Weak points:
        - Lack of experiments: testing accuracy performance experiments (with and without Secure Aggregation).
        - Lack of Gaussian mechanisms literature.

    8) Miscellaneous minor issues
       List any typos, grammar, etc. issues which you view as minor but should be addressed in the
       final version of the paper
       - Line 171: "Note that Algorithm 2 builds on Algorithm 2,", I think this is a redundancy.